I'm Joe with instructional fitness.com
today we're at goats gym in Venice Beach
fortunately enough for us we were lucky
to have a new model come on board
that's Devin Devin just competed in the
Junior cow body voting contest
actually before that he has extensive
background and MMA fighting where he
actually I believe your record six in
one right
six and one he's actually taught martial
arts kickboxing Muay Thai so I won't
embarrass him to show him up too much
here but foresee what we're going to do
is we do some chest exercises and the
first thing we're going to do is very
very basic exercise that everyone should
coorporate so see if you're trying to
improve some overall mass in the upper
chest and that is incline bitches okay
so with the incline bench Devin's going
to actually demonstrate the right way to
do it
now when you're doing the bench you want
to make sure you don't grab to Y if you
do that it's going to put the pressure
into the shoulder area on the bicep or
if you're going to close your triceps so
you want to grip it's going to work the
chest I usually take these outside if
you're showing four seconds in those
outside ridges right here okay I just
don't let my hand extend beyond that
then you should be okay okay so you get
yourself set up takes the bar off you'll
notice how if he does the exercise okay
he's gonna do a pretty full movement
when it comes down now
one of the problems that you see with
this exercises people have intensity to
go too heavy and they don't go full
moving at all they go really short like
this right here okay you're wasting a
lot if you're not getting a lot of it
out of it okay the other problem is you
see is they don't maintain an arch in
their back so they use a lot of
shoulders when they press up
and it comes up see it's all in the
shoulders now okay you're going to rack
it up what you want to do is when you're
doing this exercise and one with any
chest exercise maintain a slight arch in
your lower back and with that go ahead
stand up Devin will show you people to
turn sideways towards the camera what he
wants to do is he wants to keep an arch
right here you see there's just a curve
basically what he's doing is just
keeping his chest up by doing that it's
putting all the pressure in the chest
and not on the shoulders if he were to
stand completely straight okay because
his back straight but now he presses
forward he's gonna use the delt we gave
I'm sticking the chest up he's got an
arch there automatically that's going to
put all the pressure in the chest take
it off the shoulders okay
this exercises like I said it's a great
exercise for putting on mass if you're
just starting off I would recommend
doing an incline movement over the flat
bench press most people are lacking in
the upper chest okay so this area is
going to target all the upper chest in
here fill in that little gap area you're
trying to put on size keep your reps
lower 6 to 10 you're trying to tone up
pump the reps up maybe 15 to 20 you want
about a one to two minute rest time in
between sets and he's going to
demonstrate one more time the correct
way to do it here
okay so this is in claim dish I don't
give him a lift off so he doesn't strain
his shoulders and what that he has his
back arched he's doing a full movement
they see he's not going all the way down
completely to the chest because that's
over stretching he's just going to have
full enough under the chin so stretch in
the upper chest he's going through where
he's almost locked out at the top
keeping all the pressure in the chest
area
great okay let's incline bench press
from stretchy Fitness calm or fitness of
eight easy